                                          Interrupt Handling
 OBJECTIVES:
 
 Learn about the use of INTERRUPTS
 
 Learn how to enable an interrupt source a RISC V microprocessor, and write an interrupt service routine (ISR) that is triggered when a button is pressed.


 INTERRUPTS:
 
 Main program is running normally. When an interrupt occurs it switches context to the ISR to handle the event. 

  
 IMPORTANT REGISTERS:
 
 Machine-mode Status Register (mstatus): 
 A special register that belongs to Control and Status Registers (CSRs) which requires specific instructions to manipulate them such as csrri instruction.
 
 Used to enable interrupts globally
  
 Set the Machine Interrupt Enable (MIE) bit in the mstatus using this instruction csrrsi zero, mstatus, 0x08 
 This will set the bit-3 MIE in the mstatus register. 

Machine Interrupt Enable Mask (MEIMASK): 
Another CSR but specific to our core thus is defined by its number 0x7C0 rather than its name. 

Our core has 32 interrupt lines, line-0 for jtag interrupt, line-1 for push buttons and other lines are not connected.

To enable the push buttons interrupt, we have to set bit-1.

csrrsi zero, 0x7C0, 0x02 will set the bit-1 in the MEIMASK register.

We need to enable interrupt for specific push button
Access the four LSBs in Interruptmask
Address = offset (2 *4) + base address

We need to clear the interrupt after servicing it
Write any value in Edgecapture (1)
Address = offset (3*4) + base address


IMPLEMENTATION

Set S0 to 0

Flash all LEDs with frequency = 1 HZ

Loop doing previous step until S0 value is non-zero. Also, call the random number generator in every loop iteration to update a0.

When INT0 button is pressed, the ISR runs and sets S0 with a random value between 50-250 generated from a0.

Once S0 is non-zero, its value will be displayed on the LEDs every 1 second. Every 1 second S0 will be decremented by 10.

If decrementing will make S0 ≤ 0, then Set S0 to 0 and start flashing LED again.

Your delay function resolution is 0.1sec





